Add cached tables documentation (#7880)
pingcap/docs: sql-statements/sql-statement-flush-tables.md

## MySQL compatibility

> * TiDB does not have a concept of cached tables as in MySQL. Thus, `FLUSH TABLES` is parsed but ignored in TiDB for compatibility.

Reviewer: This edit is incorrect. It refers to the MySQL table cache feature correctly (not to be confused with cached tables).

Author: ```suggestion
* TiDB does not have a concept of table cache as in MySQL. Thus, `FLUSH TABLES` is parsed but ignored in TiDB for compatibility.
```
